ABOUT:
This is a GUI to the apcupsd configuration file.  It is intended in helping new users to set up 
the apcupsd.conf file so that they are able to get the program up and runing a little easier.
Although there is much left to do, this is in a state that will make it easier (I feel) to new
users transitioning to apcupsd from other UPS software.


INSTALL:

1. To run this program you need perl 5.005 which should include the crypt function.
You will need a web server that is configured to execute cgi.  The default installation for 
perl is assumed to be /usr/bin/perl so if yours is not located there either create a 
symbolic link to this or change the Makefile PERL variable and point it to your perl installation.

2. Edit the 'where' in the Makefile.  This is the location of where the files for 
acpupsd_conf and all of its related files will be installed.

3. Check the configloc.pl and ensure that the file locations of the datafiles are correct.
Theses should be the proper paths to the apcupsd.conf file that you want to edit. 
The cfgfiles directory will be placed in your cgi-bin, and it contains the configuration files.

4. Type 'make install' and this will install the necessary executable files to the directory
specified in the 'where' variable in the Makefile.

5. Then to install the .apcpwdfile with the default admin account type 'make install_pwdfile'.
This will install it in the location specifed by where.  You NEED this file.

6. Run your browser and point it at your cgi-bin (as defined on the where variable in the
Makefile:   your-site/cgi-bin/apcupsd_login.cgi  (apcupsd_login.cgi has an 
underscore rather than a dash in the name). Start with apcupsd_login.cgi .  Login with admin as the 
username and admin as the password. Then you can change the password.
You can add users delete user and reset user accounts to apcupd_conf when logged 
in as the admin user.

7. Depending on the security at your site, you may have to modify the file permissions 
in the cgi-bin. For the $helpfile variable, you may need to specify a full 
http://www.xxx.com/path if you have your security somewhat tight.

TODO:
There is still lots to do! 
	1) more documentation
	2) clean up the code 

Questions, comments, bug fixes, typo corrections, etc?? Feel free to end email to me.  

Joseph Acosta
joeja@mindspring.com
